Bababa
It's time for me to praise you little kids, do not worry.
This TV got the new LG Wallpaper.
It's seriously the coolest TV I have ever had.
I want to show you guys.
As you can see, perfect pictures, perfect quality. It's like - looking like a window. It really feels like it.
So, as you can see, when the color becomes black, it's already black. It is, OLED technology, that's right, look for this on Google
very nice
You do not get that in a lot of TVs, too, in a very kind way, look how thin it is. It's like having an image already on your wallet, like I have not seen anything like it. I like relapse
Like looking at it, how is it so real?
So, all the devices are in the speakers, which have a sound like an amazing theater as well.
So it has the perfect video and audio feature with Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos.
So it really looks like a movie theater.
Wait, I want to show you this look at it. Ohaha
It's a window, everyone! You do not need windows anymore. Just get LG TV Wallpapers.
I do not know how to describe it perfectly, but it does not look like anything I've seen.
Thank you LG for sponsoring this video. If you want to check out one too, the link is in the description. Let's go back to the video. (Oh and finally)
You guys, this is very dangerous
Mimis is about to get banned
In the European Union
This may be the last episode of
Lowe
We have ever done
And I will taste it
For another very small part of Mimi
Welcome to the final episode
From Lowy
I know. I know it is difficult
I know it's hard, but we have to go beyond that
Honestly, I, kind of, like
I know everyone says
"Oh, no, let's not ban the mimes."
50% of me say yes
There is a small part of me that thinks unfairly "You know what
Just let them die
Just let me die
You look at the mimes like Boar Etruscan
500-600 BC
And just have to think of yourself (oh really I thought that someone would do it for me)
Just let her die. Let - just burn them all
Let's just burn them all
But anyway, let's begin by reviewing the memes
If you understand this, you'll go to hell
Curse
damn it.
When I studied 4 years of journalism, I ended up typing BuzzFeed
Yeah
Who does not like to have $ 25,000 in debt and taking a career path can not really adapt much more?
What do you call the sad strawberries?
Blueberry
Jesus' right. Damn, man.
Get out of here with your punk retarded
Listen here, you are a huge bag of shit
You are wild
I'm trying to kill this Mim
does not work
It's too strong
World War III will be Battle of Royale
It is logical
But will Trump be at the Royal Battle?
Will Patel's battle be politically owned?
Progressive Thinking Battle Royale?
Hmm?
Sharing the memes that I have done with friends in the EU that I do not fall into trouble
Would not it be great if Mimat became just an illegal business underground?
I mean, I think it is
That is the goal
You know what, we live in the darkest and most terrible times
Vote if you want Gloria Borger and Poppy Harlow to host Pew News together
Now you're just greedy, okay?
Poppy never drowns
8K = All hell can be seen on his face
Wonderful. I look exactly like my father
He's creepy
4K = grief can be seen away from expression
720p = Looks good
360p = happier for mother's nest * cker
We need to reduce quality, okay?
You can see my depression
And it's not pretty
moving forward
Hey man. Why people - if you need to take a break, I would take a break
I appreciate the kind comments
but no
No
Poppy Low Luck
Poppy Harlow, according to Wikipedia, is a Swedish-Swedish news anchor
Known for being an anchor in the world's most reliable news source
Pew News
Thank you, Wikipedia, for providing accurate information again.
Chris is a chicken there
Chris and I play the box of lies after the break
Adhere to everyone, everyone
Hey man
Forged. It's fake, okay?
It's not annoying, but it's fake
Do not waste my time with this
9 years old = I miss Fridays with Pewdiepie
I, think = I miss Pewdiepie roasting Jacksepticktank pretty much every video
damn it.
what happened?
Well, I think he died
Where the girls cried, as the boys cried, as the children cried at nine
. This is very beautiful
You are all set of dolls
Goodbye, Gloria Burger, and hi Harley, with new unlocked characters
Slippy gets back. this is good. that's cool. thank you.
Imagine a conversation between these two people.
Just give me another - a few more years on YouTube
Me, I'll end up like that coo-coos
Pewdiepie does not actually resign, it's just teasing Pewdiepie 2 release
The curse
No La Lau This is not true
Mimi Patch. There, everyone.
Why not use brown hair color?
Why continue to use this image?
Mimi corrected again. Do it correctly.
Can we copy the Viking strike?
Oh really?
We still - are we still doing this?
After six months, we get Ugandan mimes
Wonderful
You know, maybe if the black tiger appeared recently, I'll be like "Oh, that's funny."
Jesus Christ, he shouted
Re "Please do not tell Marzia production".
This would involve going outside and actually photographing
I do not think so.
Jesus Christ, that's why I did not post anything on Twitter when it happened
Because so much of it seems
Hey
I discovered this person died
Now I want to tell you
Just say rest in peace I - I remember Matt Whitney Houston
Many people in my salvation were like "Rest in Peace Whitney Houston".
I like "You do not give a fuck about Whitney Houston".
* Laugh * wait Whitney Houston dead?
Are you now debut at Whitney Houston LL ..
Was the number one is number one?
Did you know that? CHRISTIE ??
"I modified it on the Wikipedia site and the person we saw and put it on REDDIT and got 1 K UPVOTES"
* Laughter silent *
Breathe *
"This is BULLCRAP"
* Laughing stocks in the background * I was never proud of the age of nine years
They were not so proud! (Thank you Pewdie I have the honor)
Well done! * Grip in the air * Yes!